[kiali] add new sections to illustrate non-graph-related features (#5665)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/observability/kiali/index.md

        {{< image width="70%" link="./kiali-service-graph.png" caption="Example Service Graph" >}}

## Examining Istio configuration

1.  To examine the details about the Istio configuration, click on the
    **Applications**, **Workloads**, and **Services** menu icons on the left menu
    bar. The following screenshot shows the Bookinfo applications information:

    {{< image width="80%" link="./kiali-services.png" caption="Example Details" >}}

## Creating weighted routes

> Create a weighted route using the Kiali weighted route wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Kiali weighted route wizard to define the specific percentage of request traffic to route to two or more workloads.
```

Author: done

> This allows you to route a specific percentage of request traffic to your individual workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: done

1.  View the `Versioned app graph` of the `bookinfo` graph.

    *   Make sure you have selected `Requests percentage` in the `Edge Labels` drop down menu
        to see the percentage of traffic routed to each workload.

    *   Make sure you have selected the `Service Nodes` check box in the `Display` drop down menu
        to view the service nodes in the graph.

    {{< image width="80%" link="./kiali-wiz0-graph-options.png" caption="Bookinfo Graph Options" >}}

> 1.  Focus on the `ratings` service within the `bookinfo` graph by clicking on the `ratings` service (triangle) node.

Reviewer: It looks like these first two steps are just viewing the current configuration.  We should probably make it clear that these steps are not required to create a weighted route, but are just to view the current configuration.
One way to do that is to preface the step with (Optional).

Author: I'm not sure about changing this here. Every step in the Task aren't necessarily documenting all required steps to use a particular feature in general. These are just steps the user is required to do to complete the Task being documented (and a Task in Istio's documentation is not a fully documenting a feature - a Task is just stepping the user through examples and demos - at least, that is how I understand Istio's Task documentation).

In this case, these steps are required to complete the Task even though the user won't necessary do this when (in general) they create routes via the wizard.

In other words, this Task page isn't documenting how, in general, one uses the wizard to create routes. It's just a Task guide to walk the user through examples.

Reviewer: I was thinking that if someone was consulting the docs to see how to create a route, those steps aren't necessary.  But if this is more of a tutorial than a procedure, then this is fine.

Author: > if this is more of a tutorial

THAT'S the word I was looking for -- "tutorial" :) Yes, this Kiali Task is more of a tutorial.

    Notice the `ratings` service traffic is evenly distributed to the two `ratings` workloads `v1` and `v2`

>     (i.e. 50% of requests are routed to each workload).

Reviewer: delete "i.e"

Author: done

    {{< image width="80%" link="./kiali-wiz1-graph-ratings-percent.png" caption="Graph Showing Percentage of Traffic" >}}

1.  Click the `ratings` link found in the side panel to go to the service view for the `ratings` service.

> 1.  Select `Create Weighted Routing` from the `Action` drop down menu to pop up the Weighted Routing Wizard.

Reviewer: From the *Actions* menu, select 'Create Weighted Routing' to access the Weighted Routing Wizard.   

(You have to find the menu before you can make a choice from it, so give that name first.)

Author: done

    {{< image width="80%" link="./kiali-wiz2-ratings-service-action-menu.png" caption="Service Action Menu" >}}

> 1.  Drag the sliders to change the traffic weights. For `ratings-v1`, set it to 10%; for `ratings-v2` set it to 90%.

Reviewer: Drag the sliders to specify the percentage of traffic to route to each Workload.

Author: done

    {{< image width="80%" link="./kiali-wiz3-weighted-routing-wizard.png" caption="Weighted Routing Wizard" >}}

> 1.  Click the `Create` button to begin routing 90% of all `ratings` service traffic to `ratings-v2`.

Reviewer: Click the Create button to create the new routing.

Author: done

> 1.  Go back to the `bookinfo` graph.

Reviewer: Click Graph in the navigation to return to the `bookinfo` graph page.

Author: done

> 1.  After a few minutes you will notice that the traffic percentage will reflect the new traffic route,

Reviewer: I think we need a step here to generate traffic, don't we?  Otherwise the graph isn't going to reflect their changes.

Author: True - but we do tell the user to generate traffic in an earlier step earlier in the document. But if there is a way we can remind them here to "make sure you are still generating traffic into your bookinfo app", I can add that.

Author: I added a step to tell the user to generate traffic.

        {{< image width="70%" link="./kiali-service-graph.png" caption="Example Service Graph" >}}

## Examining Istio configuration

> 1.  To examine the details about the Istio configuration, click on the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  To view detailed information about Istio configuration, click on the
```

Author: done

    **Applications**, **Workloads**, and **Services** menu icons on the left menu

>     bar. The following screenshot shows the Bookinfo applications information:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    bar. The following screenshot shows information for the the Bookinfo application:
```

Author: done (well, not the double "the" but... :)

    {{< image width="80%" link="./kiali-wiz4-ratings-weighted-route-90-10.png" caption="90% Ratings Traffic Routed to ratings-v2" >}}

## Validating Istio configuration

> Kiali can validate your Istio resources to ensure they follow proper convention and semantics. Any problems detected in the configuration of your Istio resources can be flagged as errors or warnings depending on the severity of the misconfiguration. See the [Kiali validations page](http://kiali.io/documentation/validations/) for the list of all validation checks Kiali performs.

Reviewer 2: convention -> conventions

Author: done

> Force a misconfiguration of a service port name to see how Kiali reports a validation error.

Reviewer 2: How about adding:

{{< idea >}}
Istio 1.4 introduces [`istioctl analyze`](/docs/ops/diagnostic-tools/istioctl-analyze/) which lets you perform similar analysis in a way that can be used in a CI pipeline.
{{< /idea >}}

Author: done
